So let's plan.
The app will build and we'll build a basic shopping app a basic online shop in an app.
You could say so therefore in this application here will definitely need a bunch of products which can
be listed.
So we'll we'll have like a product overview screen where we see these cards with our products with an
image with with the title and the price maybe something like this.
And also a card or add to cart button and a Details button.
So basically a button that allows us to go to a detail page and a button that allows us to add this
to a cart.
Because if you do tap this cart button here.
So if you do select this card button then this is added to a card and you can reach that card with an
action button here in in the action bar.
So in the top header there I want to have such a well such a card.
I can probably a bit nicer than what I drew here but this I can hear in the end allows us to go to a
separate page there after a separate screen of this application where we of course then can also go
back where we will see it like a total sum in in dollars here which our total card items add up to.
And then a list of our items like a book.
And what this cost.
And something like this.
So basically we see our card here we see a sum of that.
And then we see the individual items.
And of course I also want to have a button that allows me to order what's in the card and actually while
that button should be not below this.
So here will have a order button.
Actually this should be here.
So here I want to have one row where we have the total sum the next to the order button.
So that's basically the goal.
But you could place this wherever you want.
Indian ones have a button that allows us to order whatever we have in the card and on each card item
here.
I also want to have like a like a trash I can hear which allows me to delete item from the card.
So where this place says and order this I can over here will basically just delete an item from the
card.
So that's the idea.
Of course if you add the same item multiple times to the card you should not add multiple rows for that.
But instead here I also want to show like a like a quantity of the item which simply increases if we
added more often to the card and which decreases if we delete it until all items are deleted in which
case in high row would be deleted here.
So that's how does card page will work.
This is you overview page here of course therefore we can also tap the detail button or maybe the item
in general so anywhere on the image or anything like that.
And then we should be taken to a detail page.
So that's another screen in this application where we of course also can go back.
That's detail page of the icon where we should see the image.
Well we should probably see like the title here in the header.
So that would be the title of the item then below that we see like the surprise we see the description
and we probably want to have a cue card button here as well where we can also add items to the card
here so that's the flow regarding our products.
We have here now.
The important thing in his app will be that we can not just see products and shop them and add them
to card and so on but of course that we can also view our orders and most importantly that we can also
add new products.
Hence here we need a draw and this draw will present us with a couple of options now.
The first option of course is that we go to to our shops so to say that's this part here where we are
on when the app starts.
The second option should be our orders.
And the third option should be like a like a manage products option where we can manage our own products
which you want to offer to our users.
So as I said shop is basically what we see already.
Now if we tap on orders well then I want to be taken to a screen where we of course also can open that
drawer because Dad will then allow us to go back.
But on that screen we should see the orders where we basically have items where we kind of see like
Doctor the some of that order the date and then also a button where we can tap on where we see more
details and if we tap this button then we have this optional area which opens or closes and in there
I basically want to see these the items of the order which is basically what we had in the cart.
So we had two books in here with a price of 19 for example well then this would show up here in the
detail area when we opened it.
So that's the idea.
And your orders.
We can expand in order so that we don't just see the summit to date but we also see the card items be
placed in there basically.
So basically what we had here in the card that's showing up in the orders.
That's the orders screen.
We also have managed products and let's draw that here maybe managed products is another area off this
app where we all have that menu button to open that door again so that we can reach the other parts
of the app but here in the managed product screen where we have our own products.
So the user products and in this app we won't add authentication yet but we'll add this later but here
we have our own products here.
The idea is again that we basically see a list of products which is pretty close to what we see here
on the shop screen so that we have like our cards here with with an image with the title and the price
maybe so we can reuse does list here probably.
But of course the options we have on each product that differs instead of adding it to a cart and viewing
the details we can delete it.
That's one button and we can also edit it of course you can only added our own products but again we'll
have no real user mapping here we can do this with some dummy user I.D. which we attach to each product
but that's it for now.
So we have to edit and delete button.
Now in addition here in the header.
So we need more space here in the header we'll all have a action button that allows us to add a new
product.
So basically that that should just be a little bit broader here to just to narrow.
So we have this action button here and this action button here this plus button this should take us
to a new page where we can add a new product.
So this will take us to the added product page here where we can of course go back and they're we can
add a new product and that allows us to add a title here with a text input and that text input can all
to be below the title label and you can build this however you want.
We should be able to add the price.
We should be able to add this group chain here might be a multi line input here.
We of course need to be able to add an image you are El as well.
That's what we can add here and then we need a button here in the action bar a check mark button or
anything like that which allows us to confirm this will not care too much about all that user input
handling here.
At this stage because we'll have a separate module where I dive into all the details there how you can
do is an elegant way how you can add validation so here in December we'll keep this very basic will
not check whether the user entered something correct or anything like that.
We'll do that later in the course.
Here we just gathered that basic input when this button here does check mark button here is pressed
were taken back to this page and of course we use read X in our state management system to add a new
product to the list of products which then also shows up here in our shop and what shows up here in
our product list of course which we can administrate.
So that's what we have here.
Now if we tap added here if we select this edit button here then we're all taken to that same edit product
page but of course now we have some pre populated values here repopulated with the product we loaded
and there are certain fields which we can't edit.
For example the price should not be editable because if the price would be editable then if we had it
in the card already that would be a problem.
So we'll not allow editing the price here.
We will allow editing the title the description the image your elbow.
So that's something which is possible.
So that's the one difference.
We have pretty populated fields and their price is not editable.
If we pressed the checkmark in the edit mode and we can find out whether we're editing or not by the
fact whether we received a product idea as a parameter for example.
So once we're done editing we can press that checkmark icon and then we're all taken back and we simply
save whatever we added that year back to our product.
This is the app here.
As I mentioned this will be a basis for the subsequent modules as well.
There we will do it all to add HDP request authentication will do all that foreign validation here in
a more elegant way and so on.
But this module here now is a great practice for how to build such NAV for how to work with components
style them how to add navigation because obviously we have a lot of navigation and this app and how
to manage our state in this shopping app.
As I mentioned in the last lecture you could skip this module but then you should definitely dive into
the finished code so that you're able to follow along in the next modules but my recommendation of course
is that you a ever tried is all on your own and of course your result will not be the same.
I get so you should definitely also watch my videos thereafter to see how I did this and so that you
have the same code basis to follow along.
But this will be a great practice even if your result that first because there is no wrong or right
approach necessarily or B Your other option of course is that you don't try it on your own and you just
fall along.
Also a valid option but I believe you'll get a bit more out of the chords if you do try it on your own
first.
But in the end do whatever you like in the next lecture will dive right into this and start building
the Zapp.